Release notes for Server v0.82.1 (#2833)
wandb/docs: platform/hosting/self-managed/operator.mdx

6. When MySQL is up, run `wandb verify` to validate your W&B deployment. The command runs a series of checks and reports results to `STDOUT`. If it reports problems, make adjustments and run it again. For setup and login steps, see [Verify the installation](#verify-the-installation).
7. After validation completes, users can resume normal operations.

## ClickHouse compatibility for upgrades

> Self-Managed deployments that use an external ClickHouse cluster must verify ClickHouse compatibility before upgrading W&B Server or enabling Models OLAP features.

Author: ```suggestion
Self-Managed deployments that use an external ClickHouse cluster must verify ClickHouse compatibility before upgrading W&B Server.

### Unsupported ClickHouse versions

W&B Self-Managed does not work with ClickHouse 26.1 or 26.2.

ClickHouse 26.3 is supported for W&B Self-Managed v0.81 and above.

```

> ### When this applies

Author: ```suggestion
### Models OLAP features
```

> W&B Server 0.81.0+ introduces schema migrations that require ClickHouse 26.3 or newer when any of the following Models OLAP features are enabled in your Helm values:

Author: ```suggestion
W&B Server 0.81.0+ introduces schema migrations that require ClickHouse 26.3. These migrations run when any of the following Models OLAP features are enabled in your Helm values:
```

```yaml
global:
  olap:
    registrySearch:
      enabled: true
    runStoreAccelerator:
      enabled: true
    history:
      enabled: true
```

> **_Before_ upgrading to W&B Self-Managed to Server v0.81+**, you must either set these to `false` in your Helm values, or upgrade upgrade **both** ClickHouse Server and ClickHouse Keeper to 26.3 or newer.

Author: ```suggestion
**_Before_ upgrading to W&B Self-Managed to Server v0.81+**, you must _either_:
- Set these to `false` in your Helm values, _or_:
- Upgrade both ClickHouse Server and ClickHouse Keeper to 26.3 or newer.
```

6. When MySQL is up, run `wandb verify` to validate your W&B deployment. The command runs a series of checks and reports results to `STDOUT`. If it reports problems, make adjustments and run it again. For setup and login steps, see [Verify the installation](#verify-the-installation).
7. After validation completes, users can resume normal operations.

## ClickHouse compatibility for upgrades

Self-Managed deployments that use an external ClickHouse cluster must verify ClickHouse compatibility before upgrading W&B Server.

### Unsupported ClickHouse versions

W&B Self-Managed does not work with ClickHouse 26.1 or 26.2.

> ClickHouse 26.3 is supported for W&B Self-Managed v0.81 and above.

Author: ```suggestion
W&B Self-Managed deployments using W&B Weave or Models OLAP features require a supported version of both ClickHouse Server and ClickHouse Keeper.

- Weave does not work with ClickHouse 26.1 or 26.2.
- The Models OLAP features described in the next section require ClickHouse 26.2+.
- Deployments using both Weave and Models OLAP features require ClickHouse 26.3.

If your W&B Self-Managed deployment uses neither Weave nor Models OLAP features, ClickHouse is not required.
```

### Models OLAP features

> W&B Server 0.81.0+ introduces schema migrations that require ClickHouse 26.3. These migrations run when any of the following Models OLAP features are enabled in your Helm values:

Author: ```suggestion
W&B Server 0.81.0+ introduces schema migrations that require ClickHouse 26.2+. These migrations run when any of the following Models OLAP features are enabled in your Helm values:
```

```yaml
global:
  olap:
    registrySearch:
      enabled: true
    runStoreAccelerator:
      enabled: true
    history:
      enabled: true
```

**_Before_ upgrading to W&B Self-Managed to Server v0.81+**, you must _either_:
- Set these to `false` in your Helm values, _or_:

> - Upgrade both ClickHouse Server and ClickHouse Keeper to 26.3 or newer.

Author: ```suggestion
- Upgrade both ClickHouse Server and ClickHouse Keeper to 26.2 or newer (26.3 or newer if your deployment also uses Weave).
```
